feat: add option `completefilterfunc` for fuzzy completion (#13854)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/options.txt

	based expansion (e.g., dictionary |i_CTRL-X_CTRL-K|, included patterns
	|i_CTRL-X_CTRL-I|, tags |i_CTRL-X_CTRL-]| and normal expansions).

						*'completefilterfunc'* *'cff'*
'completefilterfunc' 'cff' string (default: empty)
	This option specifies a function to be used for filtering insert
	mode completion entries. The function must have the signature

		function(prefix, entry),

> 	where 'entry' is a completion candidate, 'prefix' is the text

Reviewer: single-quotes in vim :help docs have a special meaning, they always refer to editor options.
```suggestion
	where "entry" is a completion candidate, "prefix" is the text
```
